okay here we are at the social plugins
and for this video we're going to show
you how to install a facebook like
button and a facebook like box onto an
HTML or CSS website so my website for
instant fall asleep right here is HTML
based so I'm going to show you how to
install a like button and box on to this
website so the difference very quickly
like button here and lets users share
pages from from your site back to their
of their profile so they click like and
it says you know researchers likes this
likes instantly fall asleep calm okay
and has a little picture of your local
or and some information about that page
okay and then a like box enables the
users to like your Facebook page so as
soon as they click that then they become
a fan or a licker of your your facebook
business page okay so you want to have
both of these on to your site and
depending on your site you might want to
have extra but the the process is
exactly the same for each of these okay
so the two that I like are the button
and the the box so we'll start off with
the button
okay if we scroll down to URL to like
wants to be your homepage and includes
send button or not the layout style you
can change you know there's three
different versions okay
I like the standard I don't like to show
people's faces and you can play around
with these there's a like or recommend
color scheme and you change the font if
you'd like I'm okay with the it shows
what it looks like up here okay I'm okay
with that look I want to get code so
again we want to we're gonna have to
copy and paste both of these sets of
code onto our website so I'm going to go
into an HTML editor and if you're
unfamiliar with this just ask your ask
your website designer to do this so you
want to place that code after the first
body tag okay there's the first body tag
it doesn't have a backslash on it okay
there should be right after the head tag
so I just want to paste it there okay
then I'm gonna go back and I want to now
copy this portion okay and basically
this code sets it up on your page and
this code here the second one is where
you want the actual button to appear on
your page okay so let's go back and I
want it to appear on the bottom of my
page okay after the person has has
finished reading okay so I know that
this ends it here's to your sleeping
success so I'm going to put it I'm just
going to put a little break tag here and
then I'm going to enter the code there
I'm just gonna paste it okay
so I'm going to go ahead and upload this
to my site and then I will show you what
the result is you can use in an FTP
client File Transfer Protocol if you're
not sure what that is again don't worry
about it either outsource it to somebody
or get your web designer to do it for
you if you have one if you've built your
website yourself then I'm sure you
realize what an FTP client is okay so
I'm going to possibly what I'll be back
in one second
okay so I've added the facebook like
button to the bottom and here you go you
can see it on the on the page so when I
click that then it will show on my
profile that I like instantly fall
asleep okay
so just to give you an example of what
this looks like
you can enter a friend a group or an
email address so you can send this to a
friend on Facebook a group on Facebook
or just an individual email address and
then you can type in a message here as
well and they take this from your
description in your website okay so I'll
cancel that and I'll just show you the
like button here and then you go it says
researchers and thirty-one others like
this I like sleep okay and post to
Facebook so if we start a new tab over
here and find my Facebook page profile
okay
bad image that it took but here it is
okay here's the the link 13 seconds ago
I like sleep okay and then you can see
that obviously on my on my timeline okay
and I'm going to do the same thing for
the like box so I'm going to come back
here and go to social plugins and it's
the exact same process for the the like
box we the box again likes your Facebook
page and we don't need to include the
first set of code so I'm gonna fix this
I don't want the faces I don't want the
stream I just want the header I'm going
to get code I don't need this first one
here okay I just need this one where I
want to put it on my website so again
this one here I'm not going to I'm not
gonna go in and show you how how to
insert it into your HTML if you have and
you know how to use includes then you
can go ahead and include this put this
into an includes file which will show up
on every one of your pages okay so if
you don't know how to use and then you
don't know what an includes file is then
just ask your your webmaster or
outsource it so I'm just going to pause
the video for a second here and then
come back and I will show you what this
looks like when it so it will have this
tag right here on top okay what this
looks like right here on your website
you
okay so here we are at my website and as
you can see it looks all pretty up at
the corner here you see instantly fall
asleep and I've already liked it so it
says you like this okay and then if you
scroll down you will see again here and
the like and send button as well at the
bottom of the text okay so that's how
you upload your Facebook social plugins
to an HTML CSS based website okay I'll
see you in the next video